## Problem
#array #binarysearch
There is an integer array nums sorted in ascending order (with distinct values).

Prior to being passed to your function, nums is possibly left rotated at an unknown index k (1 <= k < nums.length) such that the resulting array is `[nums[k], nums[k+1], ..., nums[n-1], nums[0], nums[1], ..., nums[k-1]]` (0-indexed). For example, `[0,1,2,4,5,6,7]` might be left rotated by 3 indices and become `[4,5,6,7,0,1,2]`.

Given the array nums after the possible rotation and an integer target, return the index of target if it is in nums, or -1 if it is not in nums.

You must write an algorithm with O(log n) runtime complexity.

`Example 1:`
`Input: nums = [4,5,6,7,0,1,2], target = 0`
`Output: 4`

`Example 2:`
`Input: nums = [4,5,6,7,0,1,2], target = 3`
`Output: -1`

`Example 3:`
`Input: nums = [1], target = 0`
`Output: -1`

## Solution
For each mid, target can be greater or lesser (if equal - found solution).

If lesser we find if mid was in left section or right section. If in right section a lesser value will always be to the left. If in left section lesser values are present in the left and right. And if leftmost is also bigger than target we know target will be on the right side. Otherwise left side.

Similarly, if target is greater than target we find if mid is in left or right section. if in the left section a greater value will always be to the right. If in the right section greater values are present to the right and left. If target is greater than rightmost element we know target will be to the left side. Otherwise right side.


```python
  class Solution:
    def search(self, nums: List[int], target: int) -> int:
        l = 0
        r = len(nums) - 1
        while l <= r:
            mid = (l + r) // 2
            if nums[mid] > target:
                if nums[mid] > nums[r] and target < nums[l]:
                    l = mid + 1
                else:
                    r = mid - 1
            elif nums[mid] < target:
                if nums[mid] < nums[r] and target > nums[r]:
                    r = mid - 1
                else:
                    l = mid + 1
            else:
                return mid
        return -1

```